### `CercSiDreptunghiDerivateDinPunct`
The classes from the Shapes project were imported into the application. Only the Canvas class was kept in the application. The Punct class was created with four variables: x, y, culoare and vizibil and set-get methods for the four variables. The following methods have also been added: moveHorizontal (), moveVertical () (for incremental modification of variables x and y), schimbaCuloarea (), faVizibil (), sterge () and deseneaza (). The deseneaza () method has an empty body. The Cerc and Dreptunghi classes, derived from Punct, have been added to the application. For each class the specific variables were declared, a constructor was written, the set of set-get methods necessary to access the variables and the deseneaza () and sterge () methods, intended to manage the graphical representation of the generated object. Objects in the Cerc and Dreptunghi classes were created. Status variables were modified using the defined methods.
A main class has been added to the application in the constructor of which a Cerc and a Dreptunghi have been created and displayed. As a type of class variables, Punct was used for both variables. The main method, main (), has been added. The main class has been modified to create a more complex image, in which more objects from the defined classes have been used. To write the calls needed to create and configure objects, a Terminal (View / Show Terminal) window was displayed in BlueJ and the Record method calls option was enabled.
